---
title: Types Directory
description: Learn about the Types Directory and how to use it in your Nuxt 3 project.
---

# Types Directory

## Overview

The Types Directory (`/types`) is where you can find the `index.d.ts` file that contains global type declarations for your application. By declaring global types, you can make them accessible throughout your application without needing to import them in every file.

## Structure

The Types Directory typically contains only one file: `index.d.ts`.

## Usage

To declare global types, create an `index.d.ts` file in the `/types` directory with the following structure:

```ts
// Import types and interfaces from other files or dependencies that you might wish to extend or declare globally.
import type { User } from "@supabase/supabase-js";

// This file needs this line to properly work with Nuxt 3's dynamic importing of types.
export { };

// Declare the types you want to have declared globally in your app inside of the `declare global { }` object.
declare global {
  type UserObject = User;
}
```

Customize your types and interfaces as needed. Ensure that every type you want to export is inside the `declare global { }` object. You can use the space above this object to create new types, add unions of types, etc., as needed.

## Best Practices

- Make sure that your types are uniquely named and follow TypeScript best practices and conventions.
- Keep your `index.d.ts` file clean and well-organized to make it easier to manage and understand your global types.

## Example

Here's an example of how to use the Types Directory effectively:

```ts
import type { User } from "@supabase/supabase-js";

export { };

declare global {
  type UserObject = User;
}
```

In this example, the `User` type from the `@supabase/supabase-js` package is imported and declared as a global `UserObject` type. This allows you to use the `UserObject` type throughout your application without needing to import it in each file.
